Predictions Fraud Treasure is a pointy common sense person and sublime Bissau
It is a calculation or a natural cell
If you can not laugh at the sun and broadcast it can not be stopped by anyone.
Mitsukedaseru of whether Headley number ride goddess
2939 star 2
th
Chilled omentum in shochu's bid tube thank you to a thank you Do all the Toramaru stars
But I Masu Neee 2 and the video Johnny in like Gensokyo
Say you rooted and you have had it a'll Gensokyo of flame is rejected but with You any good Nee
Yeah
Sister Yes, a little sound in the sister my master pretty flashy costumes
Nee Yeah In Do you Yeah lie while invited to buy me Nante simple design
It's simple inside but it's almost simple
It is a little better there tend t-shirt entered in ee simple
It will not be overhanging mice Now if anyone does not cut it once- see for the first time
What song are you from?
Now Dominant today also revved up there so ah ah Machaut continue doing fast story
I will
What kind of news would you like to show off today ?
Please be normally be To enter But with Let's do our best a We the human
Now I am doing sermons and mangas in plain language Na yes yes I usually use older words
Sometimes I have a conversation, so my husband is like that sometimes I just came to Gensokyo
Testimony 4 strength is hardly understandable to young people , so I remember the words of Gensokyo today
I got back
Indeed, it seems that we are also more likely to do something crazy
I guess let's candy arrangement
First and fast ask from a simple place and seems cute Shikore song
Why very easy and without it mainly is Toka brain was a child this
It's an embarrassing wife who knows Shik and you know you are
I often use this for Buddhist law and I often use it
After all
Well this is Kanna
kenso It is awkward Sendai valve that I think it is not today's word
Go we were scheduled old book in Fantasy Rapid Ougiya
Suwa part
Why I Kana child-like love to write better eye Yoisho
This popular delight Yaho
Well , it should not be the language of Gensokyo that you can understand even if you ask it many times
It seems that it will be difficult if you come by all means
Hehe I
There is a funny Marisa time or not, but now I set a deadline
It's been over
How do you cope when such a time
I was told that there were 4 fears
Good luck
What the treasures gave souvenir
Ha
oha
Do you like foreign films
I have been a member of Gon
I 'm back home
roo was what i thought
What is this time ? Hi ni
Stop cap and laugh
Rich
Yoiko Deployment is Naa hear + lame Sumosu
Oh Come to me from anyone that is not attached system number
mar
It is not a vehicle this
What's the content of the big bribe?
c Meloha
Thank you 4 I understand a little
Certainly the sacred land pilgrimage of Morioka Morika
I'm looking back at a shrine but I'm already talking
There'm not working No in Chiba
Even if you make a mistake with someone
I don't hate either
If you know well
Made interesting
ana Tan went
I mean I mean saying the fear that came back this Yue Engineering Management
I can not nail it because it is a sewn shrimp
Please rest assured that Sho-chan will monitor immediately
This is fine
It would have been a flower attachment that didn't cry
But there is a degree, but I can't help it
Do you go out a lot
It's no use for anything
Also number 20
Oh by Nyan tip also towards the bus well
I think I'm walking on the land of memories of the White Snake
By I remember Yeah Well request out of allo
I met location Kana here
External thought ah ah
Oh yes, I came home, I was out.
Package
Please rest assured that I will do my best
Tomb of saints
Usually please
It had a poisonous poison- is it okay ?
I hope you are at this venue
Four
Not a Bale are Crazy if
There must be a symptom
I am in the middle of a program but I will leave
Indelible name had entered the future also several people
I will tell you if it is a box again
We make with ice
Nearby bars
I think it's ice I'm saved I do n't think now
Also more ana + yes
I wrote each I gave a bond to the city in the press When dirty look have re-landed it in a ham white of Chobo
I got it
ｰｰｰｰt check the Saiken which also had Barre N certainly get the
Have the aim I do not remember would have us remember of such invited the song words
Thank you very much
Yes the chairperson is a little batter though
It looks different from what I've seen so far
I saw it, but I wonder if there is a persimmon of Bashamon Heaven
Also we live in without dying How was dora mahjong somehow I was the top batter
But it's great, Mariros is better than anything
Ms. Fubayashi is also very happy with her master
But I is a story Datte passable Tsukkomi waving child-like as Bishamonten
Something complicated master-slave relationship will be clarified
That's because Sho-chan orders from top batter will be the standard for the future
It will be
So judge of everyone
I would like a score 40
1 batter
I get the first score
The bath was 91.915 89.912
This base is 367 points black
How is the high or low of the variable of 4 three seasons princess three cups, but it is so with this standard
If you give a high rating from now on, you wo n't get it later
Is my Stora higher or lower I thing that made the reference in the minutes to unexpected has Kumotsuke
So what are you talking about?
In a , Kirisa Marisa and evaluation are low, but also that kind of ぇ entering ぞ ぇ little different
Aze'tsudde' look well is good that over
What do you do
Is it a little bit better
Now that I'm getting better, I'm not good enough to raise q to 15 .
Moses has come out , so please wait until the result comes out Thank you
There was
Let's keep on coming. The following combination is this one, please.